Climate change has become an issue of concern for countries and people around the globe as the composition of Earth’s atmosphere changes is caused by humans' worsening climate change. The rise in carbon emissions due to human activities has resulted in an increased concentration of greenhouse gases. The disruption of the gas balance leads to climate change and global warming. At current levels of global warming, there are already clear signs of adverse effects, and 2°C warming will have significant harmful consequences. Meanwhile, global warming has a direct effect on precipitation. More evaporation will result from increased warmth, which will increase the intensity of droughts and atmospheric humidity. Sea level rise under global warming may lead to an increased risk of storm surges. Consequently, more intense precipitation events will result from storms, whether they are tropical cyclones, isolated thunderstorms, temperature rains, or blizzards. This leads to the frequent occurrence of extreme climates. As climate change caused by increased carbon dioxide concentrations is irreparable within 1000 years of emissions ceasing, some countries have entered into contractual cooperation aimed at reducing the impacts of human activities on climate change. Examples include the International Agreement (Paris Agreement) and the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC). Therefore, there is a need to study the causes and effects of carbon emissions and how carbon gases affect climate change. At the same time, the analyses and projections in this study will assist in the formulation and adjustment of policies to achieve the goal of sustainable development.

To achieve the goal of climate sustainability, this study aims to answer the following key questions:
1. What are the main sources of carbon emissions?
2. How do carbon emissions contribute to climate change?
3. What can be done to reduce carbon emissions and minimize climate impacts?
4. How do societal factors influence carbon emissions?

